we're here today in Hanover at the
airport and we are taking a message than
cla45 AMG to the racetrack built the
back and we're gonna show you the car
and tell you what we think about it
one man one machine this is your new
mercedes banz you afraid the new
foreigner from AMG won't work well for
you I'm afraid you're wrong
we just Texas baby for a ride and show
you how much fun it is
I want to show you real quick the
difference between the normal CLA you
probably won't see in new countries and
the new AMG version first it's a whole
front it's different from the normal CLA
yeah we got the AMG rims with high
performance brakes which painted in red
and of course as it says tobu engine is
of course turbocharged here in silver
you see the AMG well designed side
skirts how can you tell it's an AMG the
rear bumper is different you get the
diffuser and sport exit system ok enough
talking I want to hit the road I want to
feel as 360 horsepowers and now ok
before I start the engine I just want to
give you him the leather steering wheel
it's just perfect and feels very well so
do the sports seats they just you know
they give you a fit you just feel really
sporty in the seats you want to turn on
the engine now and here I go on sport
now
and listen to this baby
I have to go
okay we're talking about compact size
car I'm five-eleven 180 centimeters tall
and for my legs it's okay there's a
passenger seat it's on my size so it's a
little narrow here and of course as you
can see my head does not have enough
space for kids this cars just fine two
kids fit in the back seats pretty well
you think this is a compact and small
car but no I will tell you what is this
a surprise
count with me we have one two and a big
one one two three four five six and if
you need more space you can flip the
back seats and you have in a space fine
if you know one as you can tell it's
perfectly weather and as we know in
Germany we have perfect world conditions
so the CLA actually gave a front-wheel
drive car but if you get in situations
where you need to back tires if you need
more traction on the back the automatic
transmission will put power on the back
tires as well so whatever your situation
is you will have the talks that you need
on each wheel
okay guys some as you can read in my
face I'm done I'm done but in a good way
I'm really exhausted as excited
it's to sparked the cla45 in the little
parking spot this is the display you
have in the CLA it is shows a rear
camera of course as well as you
navigation system and everything else
you know from command online if here's
the right picket you can even use apps
and of course in the States at least
there will be zeros radio included as
well we don't have a premium sound
system in here but I thing it's from
Mohammed cotton we had it in another car
and it was pretty awesome
you